Red wine?
Just mineral water.
Why are you so far away from me?
I'm afraid I can't eat you.
The evil ahead.
If I come to sneak eight, do I have a very bad conscience goblin nest?
Isn't this cheap wine licking?
Be careful.
Yes, our last time, no, was last time.
ExtremeTube 5 years ago
I don't remember.
Five years ago you knew my mistakes.
Lying to get stuff.
Well, don't sleep naked.
Look at you, you've got a big pimple.
Is that jar unable to open the battery? It's not that Qin Ming cheated on you before.
But I don't know.
I never got a chance to apologize to you.
It is not like today that I officially apologize to you.
Hey, I forgot everything, whether you forgot it or not.
My apologies still have to be made.
If you want to forgive me, drink this wine.
Dear, I ate my head today.
Is it like five years ago?
But the old man from Thien Minh turned into Qingkou crystal
Did you guys hide anything from him?
Don't you think I'm different than I was five years ago?
Ah.
Street Dance
Do you like me?
Don't come out here.